Booking confirmation

Hello Dean Whittingslow

Your booking request has now been registered. Please read the following thoroughly and in full before attending your assessment.

Booking status: Booked
Participant: Dean Whittingslow
Course: Colchester Assessment
Date: 11 February 2024 9:00 AM - 11 February 2024 1:00 PM
Address: REPZ Gym Unit 4 brook street business center, Brook street, Colchester, CO12UZ


» IMPORTANT «  

Please read the following carefully. 



1. YOU WILL BE COMPLETING YOUR ASSESSMENT WITH FELLOW STUDENTS.
This approach will provide some additional time to familiarise yourself with the facility, equipment and client. This further provides students with a greater opportunity to network with others that are learning and developing their skills for industry.    


2. BOOKINGS MUST BE CANCELLED 7 DAYS IN ADVANCE.
If you fail to cancel within the indicated time frame or fail to turn up to your assessment altogether, all future bookings you have made will be immediately cancelled and your access to the bookings platform will be removed. To regain access to the bookings platform a fee of £50 will be required.


3. Your assessment will last a duration of 1 hour. Please arrive a minimum of 10 minutes before your scheduled start time. During this time, you must fill in and sign a PAR-Q. 

Please Note: OriGym will store this information for 21 days for the purpose of contact tracing should it become necessary. Please note the information will also be shared with the gym facility. Unsuccessful or incomplete PAR-Qs will result in the termination of your assessment there and then. 

4. We expect full transparency from you. If you are experiencing any symptoms of illness, you are advised not to attend and would be required to cancel your booking immediately. If you are out of the cancellation period please refer to the Bookings Policy in the Student Handbook or get in touch with the bookings team via the live chat.

5. Your assessment may be taking place at a new venue that might be unfamiliar to you so you MUST double-check the venue address before setting out on your journey. The venue address is confirmed in your booking and can be found in the "My Bookings" section on the e-learning platform.

6. If you fail to turn up on time for your scheduled session, you will not be assessed. Unfortunately, the full allocated time is necessary. Late arrivals are not permitted and assessments will be cancelled, future assessments will be cancelled and your access to the bookings platform will be removed. To regain access to the bookings platform a fee of £50 will be required.

7. You must bring a full photographic ID (e.g. Driver's License, Passport, or ID card) and show this to the member of staff when requested.

8. We highly recommend that you bring minimal belongings or leave them in the car or elsewhere. OriGym is not responsible for any belongings lost, misplaced, or stolen. 

9. Rest assured OriGym Tutors will be adhering to a strict code of conduct whilst administering your assessment.


From everyone at OriGym, we wish you the best of luck with your upcoming assessment!
